Add info about extent selector (#10081)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/user_manual/working_with_mesh/mesh.rst

  In either case, you should provide a :guilabel:`Group Name` for the output
  dataset group.

> * Define the :guilabel:`Spatial extent` of the calculation using the :ref:`extent selector <extent_selector>` widget.

Reviewer: The "spatial extent" widget is one of two options. The mask layer option is still there.
```suggestion
* The :guilabel:`Spatial extent` to consider for calculation can be:

  * defined as a :guilabel:`Custom extent` using the :ref:`extent selector <extent_selector>` widget.
  * defined by a polygon layer (:guilabel:`Mask layer`) of the project:
    the polygon features geometry are used to clip the mesh layer datasets
```
